Thank you for trying Valentine!

This is a pre-release build. Please take the appropriate precautions when using.

Changelog:

- 0.0.2

Roll back while I figure out open source lmao.

1.0.0 r1

- New UI

- Subtly massaged parameter ranges

- New algorithm (kind of)

- Bypass in UI

- Preset increment / decrement

- Bugfixes

1.0.0

- Many. TODO: update this when time to do the thing

0.9.8r

- Updated ff_meters dependency. Shouldn't have a visible change...

0.9.8

- Improvements to preset management

- Nice Mode changed to increase threshold instead of lowering then raising gain

- Gain computer changed. Now correctly calculates knee

- Saturation algorithm changed to reduce aliasing


0.9.7

- slight tweak to Crush parameter skew

- more UI improvements

0.9.6

- UI Improvements


0.9.5

- General UI improvements and bug fixes

- Issue with Logic software instruments solved

- Gain computer revised to be more efficient

- Makeup parameter range changed to +- 12dB

- "Nice" button added. Lowers gain before processing for a light touch.

- Latency compensation adjusted to more accurately report to host.

- Stability improvements 


0.9.0

- Input/gain reduction and output meters added. Thanks to Foley's Finest / Daniel Walz: https://github.com/ffAudio/ff_meters

- Preset management implemented. Will save presets in your 'Documents' folder

- Resizable GUI

- Slight changes to parameter ranges and skew. Biggest change: Compress has more attenuation and Makeup has more boost.

- Slight changes to distortion algorithm


0.7.2

- New, if provisional, interface

- New parameter change handling. (Under the hood)

- No longer boosts level when mix is set to 0


0.7.1 Rev A

- Compress now controls input gain after Crush module

- More / better saturation parameter scaling

- Smooth parameters (finally!)

- Will install as a separate plugin

Issues

- Using Crush in Logic causes long feedback-like decay after playback stops


0.7.1

- tweaks to Crush module


0.7.0

- added delay compensated Dry/Wet mix

- changed how Crush parameter works

- changed how threshold works

- changed how automatic makeup gain works

- removed 2:1 ratio

- changed maximum attack time

- turned off autorelease

- parameters now have logarithmic tapers

- processing path is now: in > downsample > bit crush > saturate > compress > makeup > mix

- fixed an issue that would cause dropouts when input monitoring enabled in Logic


Known Issues as of 11/22/19:

- Adjusting Compress and Out can cause clicks in audio, especially in Logic


0.6.0:

- combined Bit Crush and Downsample parameters into one 'Crush Parameter'

- added autorelease that doubles release time when device has been compressing at a certain amount for a certain amount of time

- added 2:1 Ratio

- longer max. Attack time

- changed GUI colors and sizing



